well yesterday I was even seen the Red
Bull Troy grand prix in the Auckland
domain and the blazing sun which it
turned my noggin red but it's all right
we got the spray gun out and that's all
it's all good now has worth it though
because it was or some I always there to
skulkin around behind some trees even I
had a great time actually I must Haley's
race those so we can all watch it
together right now thousands of people
packed into the domain yesterday to
witness the madness it is the Red Bull
trolley Grand Prix it was all in sundry
celebrities and do not so average Joe
and of course the trolleys the costumes
were over the top exam of her the
mechanics sometimes shoddy but together
it was a whole barrel of great time
crash through crashes galore some didn't
even make it off the start line
and of course they were the show-offs
but enough about them let's talk about
me because I was throwing myself down
this hill against outrageous fortunes
tammy davis okay Monta I am part missing
a couple of crashes but coming up I've
got my letters
off to a flying start thanks to the
pushing power of being Brown
you
don't speak too soon Andrew
Haley come in at this seems she leans
into the corner the 10 years Toria here
we are at the finish line victorious of
course tammy davis say i've tried to cut
me off there at the jump but he needs to
know if you're gonna cut us off at the
pass crowd goes wild will come back and
bite you in the ass looking back he let
me have it will still take it fairly
holt crowd goes wild that was an awesome
event so say this about a hundred
thousand people as I walked up over the
hill towards it from Newmarket I heard
your voice and I newly turned around at
what time but I gotta say win there it's
been a couple of hours there and it is a
real winner if anyone gets an
opportunity I mean that's the last time
I submitted was 2005 wasn't it it's all
what six years ago so I don't know when
the next one will be but if you hear
about another one I could encourage you
to get along because it's also